The Joe Rogan experience, you know? Well,
there's people that wanna forgive people though,
for a thing like RO remember when there was a lot of Roman Polansky a apologi.
Oh, I don't.
I don't think I caught of.
That. There's quite a few. Yeah. I mean like, wait in Hollywood. Yes.
Like legitimate actors and actresses that were saying, you know,
it's time to let it go leave. He's an amazing artist. And if so,
he's rap a 13 year old.
I'm good. Rosemary's, baby's great movie, but I think he's, he he's done it.
It's a wrap, but there are people like, you know, Stanley cubrick who is yes.
Arguably the, I mean, my.
Favorite, you know, one of the greatest geniuses ever in, in filmmaking, which.
By the way, uh, I was reading that, um, uh,
the guy that directed ex machinkinna kind of loosely based the guy on
Stanley cooperrick. Oh, wow. Did you ever see,
and then as soon as I thought about that, I was like, oh yeah.
Tell Alex Garland, I think is, uh, the guy's name. Yes. That, that wrote it.
I thought that was interesting.
But have you ever seen like the videos of Rick directing Shelly law and all the
stories about how he terrorized her throughout the Prada to get her into a,
I mean, he didn't want her to sleep. He wanted to have bags under her eyes. Wow.
He would wake her up in the middle of the night and he'd scream at her and call
her a and then be like, action <laugh> and then he'd be like, action.
And then she'd be like. Like it was her performance is unbelievable. And I, wow.
And it's like was terror today. That would be a hostile and work.
Environment.
That to being olive oil in the Popeye movie with Robin Williams and then she
just quit.
Yeah. I mean, <laugh> my, I mean,
I, she doesn'.
Fire her agent, but she was so good in the shining and then she didn't do a lot.
Does emotional.
Movie abuse make great art? I don't know. It's I'm not, you.
Know, the same thing happened with Ricky Schroeder in the champ. Oh,
John John Voyt was like really with him. He was a little kid. He was like six,
seven years old. Yeah. He was really mean to him before the scenes.
So you start crying. Yeah.
I mean, there's also, there's a, and I, um, there's a director who, um,
there was an explosion in a movie and the actor, you know,
it's a fake explosion and you're going, ah, and then one take, he was like,
just make it a real, just don't tell him. And the take was amazing. Boom.
And the actor got all off, but the work, you know,
you get to get credit for that. So it's, <laugh>, it is this tricky thing.
Like I was, uh, I did a, a show called, um, Adam ruins, everything, you know,
that show mm-hmm <affirmative>, it's, he's just a smart dude.
And he just asked me to do a little guestbo and I had to play a flight attendant
in the fifties who was getting sexually harassed. I, that was the scene. Right.
And because that's what I guess airlines used to do that they would sort of pimp
out their flight attendants. If you were engaged,
you weren't allowed to wear your ring. You had to fill really? Yeah.
It was like the.
Episodes really interestinging well, itn't supposed to be really hot. Right.
It was the whole thing about.
Flight attend. You had to be a certain size and you had to be young.
And then you had to kind of like, boy, did they let that.
Go? It was kind of a <laugh>
it was a last flight 10 I had was you've been playing Delta.
He weighed 235 pounds. He was five foot, four
nice guy.
Though. But it was like a dating surface back then basically.
And Adam did the whole thing on it and I was in there and it felt very much,
everyone was like, okay, whatever you feel comfortable with. And it was like,
no, we have to do, we have to make this feel uncomfortable. You know, mm-hmm,
<affirmative> like, don't worry about my feelings right now. Right. You know,
it's like, you know,
so there is just this conversation about like a no hostile work environment and
everyone needs to feel emotionally safe. Like, well.
Can you, could you make the shining today? Yeah. Well,
can you get to that place without being harassed?
If you're a really good actress, like if you're really crazy.
Of course, but I just, you know, you still have to do it, you.
Know, you go for it. You kinda, I mean,
isn't that the argument about great actors that they kind of have to be crazy,
like a Daniel Day Lewis type act, right? Like you have to kind of be like,
that's why they're method actors. Right.
They stay in that mindset because to maintain that mindset is really the only
way to achieve it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like you almost kind of have to be there all the time.
And also.
The being in character thing, like when people like, you know,
about like when Christian bale had his, you know, meltdown, meltdown and stuff,
it's like, I mean, it's just,
there's so many people on a set and there's so many distractions. Right.
And you know, you at to some point, you're just like, I have,
it's impossible to focus.
Well, and there's also there's losers on set.
Sometimes that things up and they get in the way that's, that does happen.
And the fact that they recorded him screaming at that guy, I was like, well,
I wanna know what that guy did. And who was that guy? That guy might be a moron.
Hadn't he been.
Starving himself for like seven months or something? I don't think.
That's the mechanic. I think it's the same movie. It's just like, you know,
he's the mechanic, is it, um, the machinist machinist.
Right? It's like, I'm the face of this movie. <laugh>,
I'm under all this pressure. I have to get this thing we're losing light.
And this guy cell phone goes off or I don't know exactly what happened.
It justhappened, you know, but I do think when Daniel Day Lewis is like,
I'm call me Mr. Lincoln or nobody talk to me.
It might just be his way of being like, I just stop asking me if I want hummus.
Like just <laugh> let me focus, you know? But I think.
For like really intense roles, which I've never done.
So I'm just completely talking outta my.
I would think that you might have to maintain some really crazy state of mind
mm-hmm <affirmative> to get there.
So it doesn't look fake because you know how you know how, like you see,
you ever see the movie movie punchline with Sally fields. Yeah. And to Hanks.
Yeah. Yeah. It's an interesting movie. But when Sally fields is killing,
I'm like, get the outta there. Like that's no, one's laughing at that.
Like it's not real when.
People do, when actors do stand up, I think real standups. They're like, okay.
What? You know, who nails it though? That lady who plays the marvelous. Mrs.
Mrs. Masel um, she's amazing. I love her. Brosn yeah. I love her. I love her.
Her she's legit. It does. Well, it's also in the fifties. Yes. You know,
I think right. But.
Even the guy who plays Lenny, Bruce is great in that. I agree. I agree. I mean.
That show rather, and there was, you know, but like the one on Showtime cast,
real comics, remember Eric Griffin was on it and Al magical was on it.
That one on Showtime. Oh yeah. Dying up here. Up here. Yeah. You know,
just like castole comics.
Yeah. But the writing, when that was like a little shotty.
I see. But, uh, but I I'm sure it's different for everyone,
but I do think though, sometimes, you know, you've been on sets.
Like if you have to do a scene with somebody where you're screaming,
you hate each other. If you're hanging out all day on Instagram. Right.
And then it's just like, you it's hard.
Tofa like chemistry or knowing someone mm-hmm <affirmative> so yeah.
I just think it's interesting. Like, you know,
Stanley cubrick probably would be canceled today.
Probably. Yeah. Well,
especially by people who don't understand what's required in order to achieve
what he's trying to get. Yeah. Cubic was a mad man though. I mean,
he used to do complex mathematics in his spare time.
Yeah. Like as a hobby, right? Yeah. Like, but.
He would do complex calculus and stuff like that. He would do.
Where he would, uh, you know, I think on eyes wide shut,
he did like do 80 takes of Tom cruise,
walking through the door and then I'll show up.
Like he didn't want actors acting mm-hmm <affirmative> like he wanted them,
he wanted them in the actual state of mind mm-hmm instead of acting like they
were in that actual state of mind, like he wanted that.
So he really wanted Tom cruise to be like exhausted and off and annoyed.
So he is like, go him off. And then lemme me know when he is in that state.
I mean, he would like terrorize shelllly dualts like kind of famous and it,
she looks terrified. Yeah.
You know, and also working with Jack mm-hmm <affirmative> Jack nickholon,
there's a great video of him preparing for one of the scenes. Oh.
And he's jumping up and down and throwing his arms in the air and going, ah, ah,
he's like, like freaking out, you know, what's that guy,
you could see him working himself up before the scene. I mean,
he it's like those scenes that he did,
especially like the act through the bathroom door.
You can't just go into that cold. You've.
Got some of that in here. Yeah. You worked up. Yeah. It's wild. Like I'm,
I'm so obsessed with that movie.
Cuz like the little things he did to make you feel uneasy in a subliminal.
Way. Yeah. It is.
He's getting ready for the scene and he's like jumping her up and down,
he she's just like, she's like, okay. I'm in here. And he's yeah.
Ah, who's this guy.
I don't know. Yeah.
There's nine people that wanna like ask him if he needs any handstanded oh,
touch out.
Yeah. That's a guy with the walkie talkie going in there.
Ad's really dressed up like golfers back then. <laugh> the?
What preppy. It's.
A great God movie. You know what? That movie?
Stephen King didn't like that movie. Well.
Be yeah.
Well that's why they say that the car on the road that's crashed on the road.
There's a red car in the beginning of the movie.
That's crashed on the side of the road.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and then Stephen King's version, there was a red car.
So cubic crashed that car and then it was a yellow car. Oh.
So he actually put in the movie to like troll Stephen King <laugh> to the kind
of amazing. That's hilarious. But he did. That was so fascinating.
Like little things to make you feel uneasy, like continuity errors.
Like he'd cut to a scene.
There'd be a like if there was a chair behind you cut away,
cut back and there'd be no chair.
You wouldn't really notice in case you were like dissecting it. But there's.
Also a lot of weird references in that movie to the Apollo moon.
Like that's right.
Like saying he did a lot of weird. He was and um,
the native American genocide is apparently a pretty big theme in it. Um,
but yeah, it's great movie and the way that he, um, I mean,
there's a whole documentary about this, but that the carpet,
when the kid is riding the bicycle around the carpet that he shot at both ways
and intercut them. So the continuity's not working and it just makes you feel.
Yeah, he's.
There's a great documentary about the guy who followed cubrick around.
He was like his assistant.
He was an actor and he was acting and something that cubrick did.
And cubrick wind up hiring him as an assistant.
And then he just did all cubrick's movies and hung out with him all the time.
It's really strange. She's still alive. Yeah. Yeah. Should get him on. Well,
the documentary's really good. It's what is it? See? Do you know what it is?
It's.
Not the, uh, room 2, 3, 6 1. What.
Is it? The lost tapes. I think it's on, uh, was that Netflix? I believe right.
I thought no, no. The Netflix, a guy who hang, hung around with Stanley.
Cubrick cool. It's about him. I think it's film worker life pictures.
Is that it? Oh, maybe that's it a life in pictures, 2001. No, no, no.
I don't think so. Just Google. The guy who worked film. Yeah. That's it.
Filmmark right. I Don' see that. So this,
this guy sort of realized somewhere along the line, like, oh man,
I'll never be able to make a movie.
Like I'll never be able to do what he's doing.
So I'm just gonna start working with him. So he's his personal assistant.
He started out as an actor and he just worked with cubrick through all of his
movies. Oh wild. Yeah. I mean somehow or another, they just clicked together.
So he wanted working for him. So it's like, you probably don't know the name.
Leon vitalal scroll down. Please stop you. Right. You don't know the name,
Leon vitalal but the up upcoming documentary film workerer hopes to change that
forever. Yeah. British actor. Yeah. His hand,
hand by Stan Stanley cubrick to play the world of Lord bowingdon in barrylendon
yeah. It's a,
it's interesting because this guy sort of devoted his life to like to
work with cubrick.
It's interesting. Like, and that was also back in the day.
I think cubrick would do like a movie every like five years or something.
It's like that's back when you made a movie when it was ready. Yeah.
Now everyone's like movie every eight months. A new.
Well, you know the apocalypse now story, right? The movie took forever.
Oh right. Yeah. The movie took like 70 years to make. Did,
did Oliver stone write that? No, no. That's uh, Francis for Cola. Oh, okay.
That's like, I don't think Oliver stone wrote that. Maybe IM wrong know.
I think he was involved in.
Some way. I don't think so. I'm kind of obsessed with Oliver stone. Yeah.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I wrote a, I wrote a, uh,
my honor ceases in college about <laugh> so dorky,
the postmodern implications of the movie, JFK <laugh> ah,
I was just obsessed with that movie.
Like at the great at the time it had had the most edits in any movie ever and
the way that they just did mix me,
I just loved the movie and I just wanna write about it and dissect it. It's.
A great movie, but the problem is they sort of,
he makes it seem like, you know exactly what happened. Right.
And the reality is we don't know exactly what happened.
Mm-mm <negative> we don't know who killed JFK.
It was very likely that it wasn't Lee Harvey Oswal though. Yeah.
And if it was that, if Lee Harvey Osal did take a shot,
he didn't take the only shots. Right. There was other people shooting at him.
Right. It's.
Just so, it was just so blew my mind the way that he makes movies.
Okay.